Improve docs (#1242)
imgbot/Imgbot: Docs/whats-imgbot.md

Images are one of the key parts of almost any website or application, but they also play a really big role in performance degradation. The more images you have, the slower your load times can become. 

There are a lot of tactics for updating your images to be more performant like cropping and resizing. Imgbot runs a lossless compression to optimize the delivery without sacrificing size or quality. 

With just a couple of clicks, you can get Imgbot running in your project's repo on GitHub and you will see pull requests with your images optimized.

> As you continue making further optimizations to the design and delivery of your application, Imgbot will optimize your images the whole time.

Author: ```suggestion
As you continue making further optimizations to the design and delivery of your application, Imgbot will constantly optimize your images.
```
